# Sea-Of-Madness
##  My plan is to create a text based adventure game with Lovecraftian horror themes. This game will be similar to the many text based choose your path adventure games that were very common in the early 70s and 80s. Some examples of these games are “The Hitchhikers Guide to the Galaxy” and “Zork”. I want to aim high for this project, and see what I can do, so the game won’t consist of just branching choices. I plan on incorporating a few different status effects for the player, which will highly influence the outcome of different interactions. 
The first continuous status effect I plan on incorporating, is a sanity meter. Throughout the game, there will be events that can raise or lower your sanity depending on player choices. If the player's sanity gets too low, they will start hallucinating and experience events that are different from the events they would experience if their sanity was at a normal level. The player will also have a health meter, as there will be interactions that lower your health, along with items that can raise your health. If this health meter drops below 0, the player will die and the game will then end. With the health and sanity meters, I want the pace of the game to change depending on the player’s status. To achieve this goal, I will hopefully be able to incorporate a timer when the player has to make choices, which enhances the sense of urgency and leaves less time for the player to think on their decisions. 
I am taking inspiration from the “Unfortunate Fright Night” project, which was done by Sydney Elledge and Shannon Jones in 2018. I will also try to incorporate some kind of visual aspects in the game, such as graphics using Tkinter. It would enhance the immersion of the game greatly if I am able to incorporate some visual reactions to the player’s decisions. I also will make the game of substantial length, as I want it to feel as if the player’s choices carry a lot of weight in the outcome of the story. 
